Just cross
What's the matter with crossing into a cell?
God, aren't you playing with me?
Poor me, old and young
I'm still a good young man
Hey
No way.
I can't sit still
I have to find a way to save myself
Jizhou
Yuan Shen's second uncle is upright
Never arson
As long as the culprit behind the scenes can be found
Solve the case
Everything is solved
But
I am in this place
How can I find the murderer?
By the way, if memory serves
dossier
According to historical records
The file records the whole case solid wood
As long as I can find the dossier
It's all over
Ah, that's right.
big brother
Your Majesty has ordered
Taidao was suspected of arson and murder
Murder official
Take down all those who are not suitable for love
Put in jail
My Qin family is loyal and good
It must be slander
It's slander.
I have reported that I am the chairperson
Stop talking to me
Shut up bro
Take the second brother and go to the army, chase after him
Qin Mo, why are you here?
I was right
Why aren't you locked up?
I am the head of the imperial prison
New house can be exempted
But it was separated from fame
Never be an official
Why can't readers be exempted from punishment?
Isn't that differential treatment?
What are you talking about?
No, I mean, oh, right.
Do me a favor
What are you busy with? I want to see Junzong